below is a summary and some conclusions I have drawn from the attached code

Background:

The crpyto, blockchain market has always had a bad reputation.  It is best know because of bitcoin's extremely high volatility. second to that are all the other projects that gained alot of attention because their tokens(market cap) increased in value upwards of 100x from initial offering in a less than a year. Along with these prices, almost none of the project in the crypto space have products taht are generating any revenue whats so ever. This is why people refer to many crypto projects simply as vaporware; products of imagination.

So I wanted to analyze tweets from a number of CEOs, and founders of leading crypto projects to see whether they talk more about the technology and progression of technology or whether they are often just discussing trading and the prices of their coins.  

I have chosen 8 twitter accounts to serve as primary users of the graph.  I then downloaded the 5 most recent tweets from all of these 8 users friends.  These are the tweets I sample from to do manual labeling and thus build my classification model.  The reason I chose these as my distribution is because i thought that this would give me a better variety of kinds of tweets, I thought it would give me a better feature distribution.
For my classificationn model I use a multiclass classifier to distinguish tweets between trading, technology, and non-subject tweets.  I do this because while i would like to do a binary split between trading and technology tweets, the reality is that the world consists of many more subjects.  I then used a random sampling of the tweets andn saved them to an excel file much the same way you(professor) had your tweets set up for students to classify.  I think manually classified 415 tweets 0,1,2 and used these for my random forrest fitting.


For testing, I pull the top 1000 most recent tweets from the 8 primary users. for a few of the users, this is not possible because they have not made 1000 tweets. As i tuned the parameters such as tree depth and number of estimators, the relative amounts of tweets being classified as non-subject, technology, and tradinng was similar.  Every time there were far more classifications of trading tweets than technology tweets.  This is inline with public sentiment, that the market(or at least the top companies) are focused on token price at least publicly.  This is possibly because the SEC does not interfere with these companies on such matters because these tokens have yet to be traded on any regulated exchange to the point where every token ownership is tracked.  in short, crypto is still the wild west of securities trading(leverage, manipulation, anonymity, pumps, dumps, etc).  

Moving forward i want to compare how each ceo/founder compares with eachother. and thenn how token price factors in to the whole thing. Maybe it becomes an an indictor for investing in tokens who continually discuss technology and their token price has not increased yet.  but then again, maybe pubblic conversation abou ttechnology is inversely correlated with actual advancement.  These are the questions I want to begin to answer and explore when the term ends.  
